README.md, before:

XMDF-unix
=========

This is a re-distribution of the XMDF library produced by the Environmental
Modeling Research Laboratory and Brigham Young University which has been
modified to allow for compilation and use in UNIX environments.

The original source may be obtained from:

  http://www.xmdf.org

The library may be built using the CMake build system:

    cd build
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/path/to/installation/directory
    make install

The CMake build system is available at:

  http://www.cmake.org


Changes
-------

### Releases based on XMDF 1.9

Compared to the original source code for XMDF version 1.9, the following
changes have been made:

#### XMDF-unix 1.9-2

  * The Fortran module is now built and installed.

  * Config files are installed that help other CMake-based projects use XMDF.

#### XMDF-unix 1.9-1

  * The project has been re-organized to build using CMake instead of
    VisualStudio.

  * The file `xmdf_private.c` has been edited to remove references to
    `H5Eget_free`, a function which is no longer part of the HDF5 API.
    This function has been replaced by a plain call to `free`.

Commit message:

Add some details to the README
A better explanation of what XMDF does and a mention that HDF5 is a
pre-requisite. Also, made it clear that this is an unofficial re-packaging and
the project has nothing to do with EMRL, BYU or Aquaveo.

README.md, after:

XMDF-unix
=========

This is an unofficial re-distribution of the [XMDF library][xmdf] that has been
ported to run on UNIX-like systems such as Linux and Mac OS X. XMDF is a
library produced by the Environmental Modeling Research Laboratory and Brigham
Young University which is designed to store scientific data. According to the
XMDF website:

> XMDF is a C and Fortran language library providing a standard format for the
> geometry data storage of river cross-sections, 2D/3D structured grids, 2D/3D
> unstructured meshes, geometric paths through space, and associated time data.

The original source may be obtained from:

  http://www.xmdf.org

XMDF is implemented on top of the [HDF5 library][hdf], so HDF5 must be
installed first. After installing HDF5, the XMDF library may be compiled using
the CMake build system:

    cd build
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/path/to/installation/directory
    make install

The CMake build system is available at:

  http://www.cmake.org

  [xmdf]: http://www.xmdf.org
  [hdf]: http://www.hdfgroup.org/HDF5


Changes
-------

### Releases based on XMDF 1.9

Compared to the original source code for XMDF version 1.9, the following
changes have been made:

#### XMDF-unix 1.9-2

  * The Fortran module is now built and installed.

  * Config files are installed that help other CMake-based projects use XMDF.

#### XMDF-unix 1.9-1

  * The project has been re-organized to use CMake as a buildsystem instead of
    VisualStudio.

  * The file `xmdf_private.c` has been edited to remove references to
    `H5Eget_free`, a function which is no longer part of the HDF5 API.
    This function has been replaced by a plain call to `free`.
